Description
---------------------

The IBM Research building in Dublin was retrofitted as modern 15,000 m2 office
in 2011 from an old factory. The building serves as living laboratory for IBM's
Cognitive Building research and is heavily equipped with modern building
automation technology to provide a rich data source for research.

The building was refurnished in multiple steps and new systems were installed by
different companies. As a result, the diversity of systems and labels is very
high in the building. The building contains now about 2,154 datapoints collected
from 11 different systems. The building is served by 4 AHUs with about 115
points but has also some old disconnected legacy systems in the point list.
Unique about the building is that it contains 150 desk temperature sensors and
250 smart meters. It also has 1,000 points related to 161 FCUs as well as 350
points on the lighting system including 150 PIR sensors and door people counters.

The diversity of the dataset made the mapping of the datapoints to Brick
challenging as several types were not covered that are particularly related to
the unique systems such as the FCU and people counters. The large number of FCUs
that are connected to different AHU, boilers and chillers are unique for this
building and show the capability and importance of the relationship modelling.
Similar is the hierarchy of smart meters that monitor various equipment from FCUs
to lighting and AHU.

Dataset
---------------------
1. IBM_B3_points.csv - The list of datapoints for the building containing:
    * Label: the unique label of each datapoint
    * TagSet: the respective Brick TagSet
    * AssetType, Asset: The asset type and id of the associated equipment
    * AssetParent, isFedBy: The parent and feeds of the asset
    * City, Building, Wing, Floor, Room, Zone: The location elements
    * AssetType, Asset: The asset type and id of the secondary associated equipment
2. CreateOnt.ipynb: An jupyter notebook to create the ontology
3. IBM_B3.ttl: The generated ontology
